BXMSDOC-8415-main: Add proxy optional step (#124)
csherrar/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/openshift/operator-deploy-central-proc.adoc

In the simplified mode, {CENTRAL} Monitoring does not require a persistent volume claim. You can use this mode in environments that do not support `ReadWriteMany` access to persistent storage. You can not use {CENTRAL} Monitoring in the simplified mode to design custom dashboards.
+
endif::PAM[]

> ** Optional: If you want to configure the proxy settings, use the following environmental variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Optional: If you want to configure the proxy settings, use the following environment variables:
```

Author: Done

*** `https_proxy`: The location of the https proxy. This takes precedence over `HTTPS_PROXY`, `http_proxy`, and `HTTP_PROXY`, and will be used for both Maven builds and Java runtime. For example: `myuser:mypass@127.0.0.1:8080`.

> *** `HTTPS_PROXY`: The location of the https proxy. This takes precedence over `http_proxy` and `HTTP_PROXY`, and will be used for both Maven builds and Java runtime. For example: `myuser@127.0.0.1:8080`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*** `HTTPS_PROXY`: The location of the https proxy. This takes precedence over `http_proxy` and `HTTP_PROXY`, and is used for both Maven builds and Java runtime. For example: `myuser@127.0.0.1:8080`.
```

Author: Done

> *** `http_proxy`: The location of the http proxy. This takes precedence over `HTTP_PROXY` and will be used for both Maven builds and Java runtime. For example: `http://127.0.0.1:8080`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*** `http_proxy`: The location of the http proxy. This takes precedence over `HTTP_PROXY` and is used for both Maven builds and Java runtime. For example: `http://127.0.0.1:8080`.
```

Author: Done

> *** `HTTP_PROXY`: The location of the http proxy. This will be used for both Maven builds and Java runtime. For example: `127.0.0.1:8080`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*** `HTTP_PROXY`: The location of the http proxy. This is used for both Maven builds and Java runtime. For example: `127.0.0.1:8080`.
```

Author: Done

> *** `no_proxy`: A comma separated lists of hosts, IP addresses or domains that can be accessed directly. This takes precedence over `NO_PROXY` and will be used for both Maven builds and Java runtime. For example: `*.example.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*** `no_proxy`: A comma separated lists of hosts, IP addresses, or domains that can be accessed directly. This takes precedence over `NO_PROXY` and is used for both Maven builds and Java runtime. For example: `*.example.com`.
```

Author: Done

> *** `NO_PROXY`: A comma separated lists of hosts, IP addresses or domains that can be accessed directly. This will be used for both Maven builds and Java runtime. For example: `foo.example.com,bar.example.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*** `NO_PROXY`: A comma separated lists of hosts, IP addresses, or domains that can be accessed directly. This is used for both Maven builds and Java runtime. For example: `foo.example.com,bar.example.com`.
```

Author: Done
